README.md, before:

## Prerequisites
- Download and install composer if you don't already have it: [https://getcomposer.org/download/](https://getcomposer.org/download/)
## Installation
Download or use terminal/console to 'clone' this project onto your machine.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/CurtB/shiptheory-products-csv-tool.git
```
In terminal/console navigate into the projects root directory (shiptheory-products-csv-tool-main)
```bash
cd shiptheory-products-csv-tool
```
Initialise the project with composer.
```bash
composer install
```
Rename `.env.example` file to `.env`inside your project root.
```bash
mv .env.example .env
```
Generate laravel project keys.
```bash
php artisan key:generate
```
Start local server
```bash
php artisan serve
```
Open the web address in your browser displayed after 'Starting Laravel development server:' usually something like: http://127.0.0.1:8000

## This app is built using the PHP framework Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains over 1500 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## What is Shiptheory?

Shiptheory is an online service that automates the organisation and shipment of products between your website and your shipment carriers. It is a robust and extensive application with plenty of support for setting up and maintaining the most efficient fulfilment workflow possible. It supports all major e-commerce platforms and shipping companies. If yours is not on the list it can be added on request.

## Connecting to the Shiptheory API

If you just want to connect to Shiptheory in your own app refer to the /app/Traits/ShiptheoryAPI.php file.

### Useful links 

- **[Shiptheory API documentation](https://shiptheory.com/developer/index.html)**
- **[Shiptheory website](https://shiptheory.com/)**
- **[Shiptheory Barcode scanner app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.shiptheory.barcodescanner)**
- **[Shipment CSV import tool](http://178.62.69.143/)**

## License

This app is open-sourced software you are free to use, edit and copy as you please but you do so at your own risk. The author assumes no responsibility for this software.

Commit message:

Add demo link to readme

README.md, after:

## Live demo 
- This app is deployed and available to use,
-**[https://shiptheory-products-csv-tool-ebwn2.ondigitalocean.app/](https://shiptheory-products-csv-tool-ebwn2.ondigitalocean.app/)**

## Prerequisites
- Download and install composer if you don't already have it: [https://getcomposer.org/download/](https://getcomposer.org/download/)
## Installation
Download or use terminal/console to 'clone' this project onto your machine.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/CurtB/shiptheory-products-csv-tool.git
```
In terminal/console navigate into the projects root directory (shiptheory-products-csv-tool-main)
```bash
cd shiptheory-products-csv-tool
```
Initialise the project with composer.
```bash
composer install
```
Rename `.env.example` file to `.env`inside your project root.
```bash
mv .env.example .env
```
Generate laravel project keys.
```bash
php artisan key:generate
```
Start local server
```bash
php artisan serve
```
Open the web address in your browser displayed after 'Starting Laravel development server:' usually something like: http://127.0.0.1:8000

## This app is built using the PHP framework Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains over 1500 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## What is Shiptheory?

Shiptheory is an online service that automates the organisation and shipment of products between your website and your shipment carriers. It is a robust and extensive application with plenty of support for setting up and maintaining the most efficient fulfilment workflow possible. It supports all major e-commerce platforms and shipping companies. If yours is not on the list it can be added on request.

## Connecting to the Shiptheory API

If you just want to connect to Shiptheory in your own app refer to the /app/Traits/ShiptheoryAPI.php file.

### Useful links 

- **[Shiptheory API documentation](https://shiptheory.com/developer/index.html)**
- **[Shiptheory website](https://shiptheory.com/)**
- **[Shiptheory Barcode scanner app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.shiptheory.barcodescanner)**
- **[Shipment CSV import tool](http://178.62.69.143/)**

## License

This app is open-sourced software you are free to use, edit and copy as you please but you do so at your own risk. The author assumes no responsibility for this software.
